README.md, before:

# Dpl [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/travis-ci/dpl.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/travis-ci/dpl) [![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/travis-ci/dpl.png)](https://codeclimate.com/github/travis-ci/dpl) [![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/dpl.png)](http://badge.fury.io/rb/dpl)
 Dpl (dee-pee-ell) is a deploy tool made for continuous deployment.  Developed and used by Travis CI.

## Supported Providers:
Dpl supports the following providers:

* [AppFog](#appfog)
* [Cloud 66](#cloud-66)
* [Cloud Foundry](#cloud-foundry)
* [cloudControl](#cloudcontrol)
* [dotCloud (experimental)](#dotcloud)
* [Engine Yard](#engine-yard)
* [Heroku](#heroku)
* [Nodejitsu](#nodejitsu)
* [NPM](#npm)
* [Openshift](#openshift)
* [PyPi](#pypi)
* [RubyGems](#rubygems)
* [S3](#s3)
* [Divshot.io](#divshotio)
* [Rackspace Cloud Files](#rackspace-cloud-files)
* [AWS OpsWorks](#opsworks)
* [Modulus](#modulus)
* [Github Releases](#github-releases)
* [Ninefold](#ninefold)
* [Hackage](#hackage)
* [Deis](#deis)
* [Google Cloud Storage](#google-cloud-storage)

## Installation:

Dpl is published to rubygems.

* Dpl requires ruby with a version greater than 1.8.7
* To install: `gem install dpl`

## Usage:

###Security Warning:

Running dpl in a terminal that saves history is insecure as your password/api key will be saved as plain text by it.

###Global Flags
* `--provider=<provider>` sets the provider you want to deploy to. Every provider has slightly different flags, which are documented in the section about your provider following.
*  Dpl will deploy by default from the latest commit. Use the `--skip_cleanup`  flag to deploy from the current file state. Note that many providers deploy by git and could ignore this option.


### Heroku:

#### Options:
* **api-key**: Heroku API Key
* **strategy[git/anvil]**: Deployment strategy for Dpl. Defaults to anvil.
* **app**: Heroku app name. Defaults to the name of your git repo.
* **username**: heroku username. Not necessary if api-key is used. Requires git strategy.
* **password**: heroku password. Not necessary if api-key is used. Requires git strategy.

#### Git vs Anvil Deploy:
* Anvil will run the [buildpack](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/buildpacks) compilation step on the Travis CI VM, whereas the Git strategy will run it on a Heroku dyno, which provides the same environment the application will then run under and might be slightly faster.
* The Git strategy allows using *user* and *password* instead of *api-key*.
* When using Git, Heroku might send you an email for every deploy, as it adds a temporary SSH key to your account.

As a rule of thumb, you should switch to the Git strategy if you run into issues with Anvil or if you're using the [user-env-compile](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/labs-user-env-compile) plugin.

#### Examples:

    dpl --provider=heroku --api-key='heroku auth:token'
    dpl --provider=heroku --strategy=git --username=<username> --password=<password>  --app=<application>




### Nodejitsu:

#### Options:

* **username**: Nodejitsu Username
* **api-key**: Nodejitsu API Key

#### Examples:
    dpl --provider=nodejitsu --username=<username> --api-key=<api-key>


### Modulus

#### Options:

* **api-key** Modulus Authentication Token
* **project-name** Modulus Project to Deploy

#### Example:
    dpl --provider=modulus --api-key=<api-key> --project-name=<project-name>


### Engine Yard:

#### Options:

* **api-key**: Engine Yard Api Key
* **username**: Engine Yard username. Not necessary if api-key is used. Requires git strategy.
* **password**: Engine Yard password. Not necessary if api-key is used.
* **app**: Engine Yard Application name. Defaults to git repo's name.
* **environment**: Engine Yard Application Environment. Optional.
* **migrate**: Engine Yard migration commands. Optional.

#### Examples:

    dpl --provider=engineyard --api-key=<api-key>
    dpl --provider=engineyard --username=<username> --password=<password> --environment=staging
    dpl --provider=engineyard --api-key=<api-key> --app=<application> --migrate='rake db:migrate'

### Openshift:

#### Options:

* **username**: Openshift Username.
* **password**: Openshift Password.
* **domain**: Openshift Application Domain.
* **app**: Openshift Application. Defaults to git repo's name.

####Examples:

    dpl --provider=openshift --username=<username> --password=<password> --domain=<domain>
    dpl --provider=openshift --username=<username> --password=<password> --domain=<domain> --app=<app>

### cloudControl:

#### Options:

* **email**: cloudControl email.
* **password**: cloudControl password.
* **deployment**: cloudControl Deployment. Follows the format "APP_NAME/DEP_NAME".

#### Examples:

    dpl --provider=cloudcontrol --email=<email> --password<password> --deployment='APP_NAME/DEP_NAME'

### RubyGems:

#### Options:

* **api-key**: Rubygems Api Key.

#### Examples:

    dpl --provider=rubygems --api-key=<api-key>

### PyPI:

#### Options:

* **user**: PyPI Username.
* **password**: PyPI Password.
* **server**: Optional. Only required if you want to release to a different index. Follows the form of "https://mypackageindex.com/index".
* **distributions**: A space-separated list of distributions to be uploaded to PyPI. Defaults to 'sdist'.
* **docs_dir**: A path to the directory to upload documentation from. Defaults to 'build/docs'

#### Examples:

    dpl --provider=pypi --user=<username> --password=<password>
    dpl --provider=pypi --user=<username> --password=<password> --server='https://mypackageindex.com/index' --distributions='sdist bdist_wheel'

### NPM:

#### Options:

* **email**: NPM email.
* **api-key**: NPM api key. Can be retrieved from your ~/.npmrc file.

#### Examples:

    dpl --provider=npm --email=<email> --api-key=<api-key>

### S3:

#### Options:

* **access-key-id**: AWS Access Key ID. Can be obtained from [here](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam/home?#security_credential).
* **secret-access-key**: AWS Secret Key. Can be obtained from [here](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam/home?#security_credential).
* **bucket**: S3 Bucket.
* **region**: S3 Region. Defaults to us-east-1.
* **endpoint**: S3 Endpoint. Defaults to s3.amazonaws.com.
* **upload-dir**: S3 directory to upload to. Defaults to root directory.
* **local-dir**: Local directory to upload from. Can be set from a global perspective (~/travis/build) or relative perspective (build) Defaults to project root.
* **detect-encoding**: Set HTTP header `Content-Encoding` for files compressed with `gzip` and `compress` utilities. Defaults to not set.
* **cache_control**: Set HTTP header `Cache-Control` to suggest that the browser cache the file. Defaults to `no-cache`. Valid options are `no-cache`, `no-store`, `max-age=<seconds>`,`s-maxage=<seconds>` `no-transform`, `public`, `private`.
* **expires**: This sets the date and time that the cached object is no longer cacheable. Defaults to not set. The date must be in the format `YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS -ZONE`.
* **acl**: Sets the access control for the uploaded objects. Defaults to `private`. Valid options are `private`, `public_read`, `public_read_write`, `authenticated_read`, `bucket_owner_read`, `bucket_owner_full_controll`.

#### Examples:

    dpl --provider=s3 --access-key-id=<access-key-id> --secret-access-key=<secret-access-key> --bucket=<bucket> --acl=public_read
    dpl --provider=s3 --access-key-id=<access-key-id> --secret-access-key=<secret-access-key> --bucket=<bucket> --detect-encoding --cache_control=max-age=99999 --expires="2012-12-21 00:00:00 -0000"
    dpl --provider=s3 --access-key-id=<access-key-id> --secret-access-key=<secret-access-key> --bucket=<bucket> --region:us-west-2 --local-dir= BUILD --upload-dir=BUILDS

### OpsWorks:

#### Options:

* **access-key-id**: AWS Access Key ID. Can be obtained from [here](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam/home?#security_credential).
* **secret-access-key**: AWS Secret Key. Can be obtained from [here](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam/home?#security_credential).
* **app-id**: The app ID.
* **migrate**: Migrate the database. (Default: false)
* **wait-until-deployed**: Wait until the app is deployed and return the deployment status. (Default: false)
#### Examples:

    dpl --provider=opsworks --access-key-id=<access-key-id> --secret-access-key=<secret-access-key> --app-id=<app-id> --migrate --wait-until-deployed


### Appfog:

#### Options:

* **email**: Appfog Email.
* **password**: Appfog Password.
* **app**: Appfog App. Defaults to git repo's name.

#### Examples:

    dpl --provider=appfog --email=<email> --password=<password>
    dpl --provider=appfog --email=<email> --password=<password> --app=<app>

### Divshot.io:

#### Options:

* **api-key**: Divshot.io API key
* **environment**: Which environment (development, staging, production) to deploy to

#### Examples:

    dpl --provider=divshot --api-key=<api-key> --environment=<environment>

### Cloud Foundry:

#### Options:

* **username**: Cloud Foundry username.
* **password**: Cloud Foundry password.
* **organization**: Cloud Foundry target organization.
* **api**: Cloud Foundry api URL
* **space**: Cloud Foundry target space

#### Examples:

    dpl --provider=cloudfoundry --username=<username> --password=<password> --organization=<organization> --api=<api> --space=<space>

### dotCloud:

#### Options:

* **api_key**: dotCloud api key.
* **app**: dotcloud app.
* **service**: dotcloud service to run commands on. Defaults to 'www'.

#### Examples:

    dpl --provider=dotcloud --api_key=<api_key> --app=<app>
    dpl --provider=dotcloud --api_key=<api_key> --app=<app> --service=<service>

### Rackspace Cloud Files:

#### Options:

* **username**: Rackspace Username.
* **api-key**: Rackspace API Key.
* **region**: Cloud Files Region. The region in which your Cloud Files container exists.
* **container**: Container Name. The container where you would like your files to be uploaded.

#### Examples:

    dpl --provider=cloudfiles --username=<username> --api-key=<api-key> --region=<region> --container=<container>

### GitHub Releases:

#### Options:

* **api-key**: GitHub oauth token with `public_repo` or`repo` permission.
* **user**: GitHub username. Not necessary if `api-key` is used.
* **password**: GitHub Password. Not necessary if `api-key` is used.
* **repo**: GitHub Repo. Defaults to git repo's name.
* **file**: File to upload to GitHub Release.
* **release-number**: Overide automatic release detection, set a release manually.

#### GitHub Two Factor Authentication

For accounts using two factor authentication, you have to use an oauth token as a username and password will not work.

#### Examples:

    dpl --provider=releases --api-key=<api-key> --file=build.tar.gz

### Cloud 66

#### Options:

* **redeployment_hook**: The redeployment hook URL. Available from the Information menu within the Cloud 66 portal.

#### Examples:

    dpl --provider=cloud66 --redeployment_hook=<url>

### Ninefold

#### Options:

* **auth_token**: Ninefold deploy auth token
* **app_id**: Ninefold deploy app ID

#### Examples:

    dpl --provider=ninefold --auth_token=<auth_token> --app_id=<app_id>

### Hackage:

#### Options:

* **username**: Hackage username.
* **password**: Hackage password.

#### Examples:

    dpl --provider=hackage --username=<username> --password=<password>

### Deis:

#### Options:

* **controller**: Deis controller e.g. deis.deisapps.com
* **username**: Deis username
* **password**: Deis password
* **app**: Deis app

#### Examples:

    dpl --provider=deis --controller=deis.deisapps.com --username=travis --password=secret --app=example

### Google Cloud Storage:

#### Options:

* **access-key-id**: GCS Interoperable Access Key ID. Info about Interoperable Access Key from [here](https://developers.google.com/storage/docs/migrating).
* **secret-access-key**: GCS Interoperable Access Secret.
* **bucket**: GCS Bucket.
* **local-dir**: Local directory to upload from. Can be set from a global perspective (~/travis/build) or relative perspective (build) Defaults to project root.

#### Examples:

    dpl --provider=gcs --access-key-id=<access-key-id> --secret-access-key=<secret-access-key> --bucket=<bucket>
    dpl --provider=gcs --access-key-id=<access-key-id> --secret-access-key=<secret-access-key> --bucket=<bucket> --local-dir= BUILD

## New Relic deployment notification

You can notify New Relic of your deployment.
[Options](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic_api/#deployment-notifications)
associated with this feature are prefixed by `notify.newrelic.`.

Authentication with New Relic requires either `api_key` or `license_key`,
and the request requires exactly one of either `app_name` or `application_id`.

This feature can be used in conjunction with any provider.

### Examples:

    dpl --provider=engineyard --api-key=<api-key> --app=<application> --migrate='rake db:migrate' \
      --notify.newrelic.api_key=abcdef0123456789 --notify.newrelic.application_id=615a9203ef1

Commit message:

Update README [skip ci]
To find DPL::Notifier::NewRelic, the key needs to be snake cased:
'new_relic'.

README.md, after:

# Dpl [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/travis-ci/dpl.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/travis-ci/dpl) [![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/travis-ci/dpl.png)](https://codeclimate.com/github/travis-ci/dpl) [![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/dpl.png)](http://badge.fury.io/rb/dpl)
 Dpl (dee-pee-ell) is a deploy tool made for continuous deployment.  Developed and used by Travis CI.

## Supported Providers:
Dpl supports the following providers:

* [AppFog](#appfog)
* [Cloud 66](#cloud-66)
* [Cloud Foundry](#cloud-foundry)
* [cloudControl](#cloudcontrol)
* [dotCloud (experimental)](#dotcloud)
* [Engine Yard](#engine-yard)
* [Heroku](#heroku)
* [Nodejitsu](#nodejitsu)
* [NPM](#npm)
* [Openshift](#openshift)
* [PyPi](#pypi)
* [RubyGems](#rubygems)
* [S3](#s3)
* [Divshot.io](#divshotio)
* [Rackspace Cloud Files](#rackspace-cloud-files)
* [AWS OpsWorks](#opsworks)
* [Modulus](#modulus)
* [Github Releases](#github-releases)
* [Ninefold](#ninefold)
* [Hackage](#hackage)
* [Deis](#deis)
* [Google Cloud Storage](#google-cloud-storage)

## Installation:

Dpl is published to rubygems.

* Dpl requires ruby with a version greater than 1.8.7
* To install: `gem install dpl`

## Usage:

###Security Warning:

Running dpl in a terminal that saves history is insecure as your password/api key will be saved as plain text by it.

###Global Flags
* `--provider=<provider>` sets the provider you want to deploy to. Every provider has slightly different flags, which are documented in the section about your provider following.
*  Dpl will deploy by default from the latest commit. Use the `--skip_cleanup`  flag to deploy from the current file state. Note that many providers deploy by git and could ignore this option.


### Heroku:

#### Options:
* **api-key**: Heroku API Key
* **strategy[git/anvil]**: Deployment strategy for Dpl. Defaults to anvil.
* **app**: Heroku app name. Defaults to the name of your git repo.
* **username**: heroku username. Not necessary if api-key is used. Requires git strategy.
* **password**: heroku password. Not necessary if api-key is used. Requires git strategy.

#### Git vs Anvil Deploy:
* Anvil will run the [buildpack](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/buildpacks) compilation step on the Travis CI VM, whereas the Git strategy will run it on a Heroku dyno, which provides the same environment the application will then run under and might be slightly faster.
* The Git strategy allows using *user* and *password* instead of *api-key*.
* When using Git, Heroku might send you an email for every deploy, as it adds a temporary SSH key to your account.

As a rule of thumb, you should switch to the Git strategy if you run into issues with Anvil or if you're using the [user-env-compile](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/labs-user-env-compile) plugin.

#### Examples:

    dpl --provider=heroku --api-key='heroku auth:token'
    dpl --provider=heroku --strategy=git --username=<username> --password=<password>  --app=<application>




### Nodejitsu:

#### Options:

* **username**: Nodejitsu Username
* **api-key**: Nodejitsu API Key

#### Examples:
    dpl --provider=nodejitsu --username=<username> --api-key=<api-key>


### Modulus

#### Options:

* **api-key** Modulus Authentication Token
* **project-name** Modulus Project to Deploy

#### Example:
    dpl --provider=modulus --api-key=<api-key> --project-name=<project-name>


### Engine Yard:

#### Options:

* **api-key**: Engine Yard Api Key
* **username**: Engine Yard username. Not necessary if api-key is used. Requires git strategy.
* **password**: Engine Yard password. Not necessary if api-key is used.
* **app**: Engine Yard Application name. Defaults to git repo's name.
* **environment**: Engine Yard Application Environment. Optional.
* **migrate**: Engine Yard migration commands. Optional.

#### Examples:

    dpl --provider=engineyard --api-key=<api-key>
    dpl --provider=engineyard --username=<username> --password=<password> --environment=staging
    dpl --provider=engineyard --api-key=<api-key> --app=<application> --migrate='rake db:migrate'

### Openshift:

#### Options:

* **username**: Openshift Username.
* **password**: Openshift Password.
* **domain**: Openshift Application Domain.
* **app**: Openshift Application. Defaults to git repo's name.

####Examples:

    dpl --provider=openshift --username=<username> --password=<password> --domain=<domain>
    dpl --provider=openshift --username=<username> --password=<password> --domain=<domain> --app=<app>

### cloudControl:

#### Options:

* **email**: cloudControl email.
* **password**: cloudControl password.
* **deployment**: cloudControl Deployment. Follows the format "APP_NAME/DEP_NAME".

#### Examples:

    dpl --provider=cloudcontrol --email=<email> --password<password> --deployment='APP_NAME/DEP_NAME'

### RubyGems:

#### Options:

* **api-key**: Rubygems Api Key.

#### Examples:

    dpl --provider=rubygems --api-key=<api-key>

### PyPI:

#### Options:

* **user**: PyPI Username.
* **password**: PyPI Password.
* **server**: Optional. Only required if you want to release to a different index. Follows the form of "https://mypackageindex.com/index".
* **distributions**: A space-separated list of distributions to be uploaded to PyPI. Defaults to 'sdist'.
* **docs_dir**: A path to the directory to upload documentation from. Defaults to 'build/docs'

#### Examples:

    dpl --provider=pypi --user=<username> --password=<password>
    dpl --provider=pypi --user=<username> --password=<password> --server='https://mypackageindex.com/index' --distributions='sdist bdist_wheel'

### NPM:

#### Options:

* **email**: NPM email.
* **api-key**: NPM api key. Can be retrieved from your ~/.npmrc file.

#### Examples:

    dpl --provider=npm --email=<email> --api-key=<api-key>

### S3:

#### Options:

* **access-key-id**: AWS Access Key ID. Can be obtained from [here](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam/home?#security_credential).
* **secret-access-key**: AWS Secret Key. Can be obtained from [here](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam/home?#security_credential).
* **bucket**: S3 Bucket.
* **region**: S3 Region. Defaults to us-east-1.
* **endpoint**: S3 Endpoint. Defaults to s3.amazonaws.com.
* **upload-dir**: S3 directory to upload to. Defaults to root directory.
* **local-dir**: Local directory to upload from. Can be set from a global perspective (~/travis/build) or relative perspective (build) Defaults to project root.
* **detect-encoding**: Set HTTP header `Content-Encoding` for files compressed with `gzip` and `compress` utilities. Defaults to not set.
* **cache_control**: Set HTTP header `Cache-Control` to suggest that the browser cache the file. Defaults to `no-cache`. Valid options are `no-cache`, `no-store`, `max-age=<seconds>`,`s-maxage=<seconds>` `no-transform`, `public`, `private`.
* **expires**: This sets the date and time that the cached object is no longer cacheable. Defaults to not set. The date must be in the format `YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS -ZONE`.
* **acl**: Sets the access control for the uploaded objects. Defaults to `private`. Valid options are `private`, `public_read`, `public_read_write`, `authenticated_read`, `bucket_owner_read`, `bucket_owner_full_controll`.

#### Examples:

    dpl --provider=s3 --access-key-id=<access-key-id> --secret-access-key=<secret-access-key> --bucket=<bucket> --acl=public_read
    dpl --provider=s3 --access-key-id=<access-key-id> --secret-access-key=<secret-access-key> --bucket=<bucket> --detect-encoding --cache_control=max-age=99999 --expires="2012-12-21 00:00:00 -0000"
    dpl --provider=s3 --access-key-id=<access-key-id> --secret-access-key=<secret-access-key> --bucket=<bucket> --region:us-west-2 --local-dir= BUILD --upload-dir=BUILDS

### OpsWorks:

#### Options:

* **access-key-id**: AWS Access Key ID. Can be obtained from [here](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam/home?#security_credential).
* **secret-access-key**: AWS Secret Key. Can be obtained from [here](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam/home?#security_credential).
* **app-id**: The app ID.
* **migrate**: Migrate the database. (Default: false)
* **wait-until-deployed**: Wait until the app is deployed and return the deployment status. (Default: false)
#### Examples:

    dpl --provider=opsworks --access-key-id=<access-key-id> --secret-access-key=<secret-access-key> --app-id=<app-id> --migrate --wait-until-deployed


### Appfog:

#### Options:

* **email**: Appfog Email.
* **password**: Appfog Password.
* **app**: Appfog App. Defaults to git repo's name.

#### Examples:

    dpl --provider=appfog --email=<email> --password=<password>
    dpl --provider=appfog --email=<email> --password=<password> --app=<app>

### Divshot.io:

#### Options:

* **api-key**: Divshot.io API key
* **environment**: Which environment (development, staging, production) to deploy to

#### Examples:

    dpl --provider=divshot --api-key=<api-key> --environment=<environment>

### Cloud Foundry:

#### Options:

* **username**: Cloud Foundry username.
* **password**: Cloud Foundry password.
* **organization**: Cloud Foundry target organization.
* **api**: Cloud Foundry api URL
* **space**: Cloud Foundry target space

#### Examples:

    dpl --provider=cloudfoundry --username=<username> --password=<password> --organization=<organization> --api=<api> --space=<space>

### dotCloud:

#### Options:

* **api_key**: dotCloud api key.
* **app**: dotcloud app.
* **service**: dotcloud service to run commands on. Defaults to 'www'.

#### Examples:

    dpl --provider=dotcloud --api_key=<api_key> --app=<app>
    dpl --provider=dotcloud --api_key=<api_key> --app=<app> --service=<service>

### Rackspace Cloud Files:

#### Options:

* **username**: Rackspace Username.
* **api-key**: Rackspace API Key.
* **region**: Cloud Files Region. The region in which your Cloud Files container exists.
* **container**: Container Name. The container where you would like your files to be uploaded.

#### Examples:

    dpl --provider=cloudfiles --username=<username> --api-key=<api-key> --region=<region> --container=<container>

### GitHub Releases:

#### Options:

* **api-key**: GitHub oauth token with `public_repo` or`repo` permission.
* **user**: GitHub username. Not necessary if `api-key` is used.
* **password**: GitHub Password. Not necessary if `api-key` is used.
* **repo**: GitHub Repo. Defaults to git repo's name.
* **file**: File to upload to GitHub Release.
* **release-number**: Overide automatic release detection, set a release manually.

#### GitHub Two Factor Authentication

For accounts using two factor authentication, you have to use an oauth token as a username and password will not work.

#### Examples:

    dpl --provider=releases --api-key=<api-key> --file=build.tar.gz

### Cloud 66

#### Options:

* **redeployment_hook**: The redeployment hook URL. Available from the Information menu within the Cloud 66 portal.

#### Examples:

    dpl --provider=cloud66 --redeployment_hook=<url>

### Ninefold

#### Options:

* **auth_token**: Ninefold deploy auth token
* **app_id**: Ninefold deploy app ID

#### Examples:

    dpl --provider=ninefold --auth_token=<auth_token> --app_id=<app_id>

### Hackage:

#### Options:

* **username**: Hackage username.
* **password**: Hackage password.

#### Examples:

    dpl --provider=hackage --username=<username> --password=<password>

### Deis:

#### Options:

* **controller**: Deis controller e.g. deis.deisapps.com
* **username**: Deis username
* **password**: Deis password
* **app**: Deis app

#### Examples:

    dpl --provider=deis --controller=deis.deisapps.com --username=travis --password=secret --app=example

### Google Cloud Storage:

#### Options:

* **access-key-id**: GCS Interoperable Access Key ID. Info about Interoperable Access Key from [here](https://developers.google.com/storage/docs/migrating).
* **secret-access-key**: GCS Interoperable Access Secret.
* **bucket**: GCS Bucket.
* **local-dir**: Local directory to upload from. Can be set from a global perspective (~/travis/build) or relative perspective (build) Defaults to project root.

#### Examples:

    dpl --provider=gcs --access-key-id=<access-key-id> --secret-access-key=<secret-access-key> --bucket=<bucket>
    dpl --provider=gcs --access-key-id=<access-key-id> --secret-access-key=<secret-access-key> --bucket=<bucket> --local-dir= BUILD

## New Relic deployment notification

You can notify New Relic of your deployment.
[Options](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic_api/#deployment-notifications)
associated with this feature are prefixed by `notify.new_relic.`.

Authentication with New Relic requires either `api_key` or `license_key`,
and the request requires exactly one of either `app_name` or `application_id`.

This feature can be used in conjunction with any provider.

### Examples:

    dpl --provider=engineyard --api-key=<api-key> --app=<application> --migrate='rake db:migrate' \
      --notify.new_relic.api_key=abcdef0123456789 --notify.new_relic.application_id=615a9203ef1
